Skip to content
Search or jump to…

Pull requests
Issues
Marketplace
Explore
 
@dawnaitken 
Learn Git and GitHub without any code!
Using the Hello World guide, you’ll start a branch, write comments, and open a pull request.


OWASP
/
www-board
generated from OWASP/www-projectchapter-example
4
12
 Code Issues 2 Pull requests 1 Actions Projects 0 Wiki Security Insights
www-board
/
minutes
/
201912.md
 

1
---
2
​
3
layout: col-sidebar
4
title: December 2019 Minutes
5
date: 2019-12-17
6
​
7
---
8
​
9
```
10
CALL TO ORDER
11
```
12
Board Members
13
Present
14
- Martin Knobloch, Chair,
15
- Ofer Maor, Secretary
16
- Richard Greenberg, Member at Large
17
- Chenxi Wang, Member at Large
18
​
19
Not Present
20
- Owen Pendlebury, Vice Chair
21
- Sherif Mansour, Treasurer
22
- Gary Robinson, Member at Large
23
​
24
Guests
25
- Mike
26
- Grant
27
- Emily
28
- Kelly
29
- Lisa
30
- Vandana
31
- Tome
32
- Haral
33
- Sibah
34
​
35
```
36
CHANGES TO THE AGENDA
37
```
38
​
39
```
40
APPROVAL OF MINUTES
41
```
42
​
43
- A motion from Martin was made to approve the [Minutes from November 2019 Meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AvkiEsaMAIzKzCOfAP5MQR_osIIK1qX5jDA9XPrWtTA/edit?usp=sharing). Richard 2nd the motion. Minutes were unanimously approved.
44
​
45
<!-- Chair can ask for approval via consensus as in, "Are there any objections to approving the x meeting minutes as outlies in the above link? Hearing none, the minutes are approved by consensus"
46
- Martin Knobloch, Chair,
47
- Owen Pendlebury, Vice Chair
48
- Sherif Mansour, Treasurer
49
- Ofer Maor, Secretary
50
- Richard Greenberg, Member at Large
51
- Gary Robinson, Member at Large
52
- Chengxi Wang, Member at Large
53
-->
54
​
55
```
56
REPORTS
57
```
58
### Organizational KPIs
59
- Members: 2,763 (down 32 from Last month)
60
- Momentum: 652.5K visitors to websites in Nov (2,690 decrease to 2018)
61
- Operations
62
  - 96.4% of Service Desk tickets closed within SLA (worse from 99.3% last month)
63
  - 100% of Non-Funding tickets were closed within SLA (better from 99.3% last month)
64
-  Money: $99K Operating, $1.3M cash assets.
65
​
66
### Financial
67
Tom Pappas presented a brief financial update. The highlight below were shared with the Board prior to the meeting. Tom wanted to bring to the Board's attention that 2019 will be an audit year. This means that the December close will likely stay open longer than usual to ensure accurate coding.
68
​
69
- Revenue:  On an accrual basis, total revenue YTD through Nov 2019 was $3,294K  as compared to the plan of $4,590K.  The results are WORSE by $1,296K, with Conference income being $1,074K below the 2019 budget
70
- Expenses: Total spending YTD is LESS than budget by $1,253K due to under spending in most of the depts. ( Conference expenses are under budget by $794K, and is further offset by the under spending in most depts YTD, except for Professional services)
71
- Net Income/Loss:  YTD Net income, on a combined Accrual basis is $74K which is worse than budget by  $43K.
72
- Chapter Funds: US bal is $809K ( which is DOWN $18K from the Oct bal of $827K which now includes the almost $94K posted to Ca chapters for 2019 Apsec Cali but before APSEC EU and US 2018 and 2019 as well as some 2018 Regional splits).  EU Ch bal is $59K.  Also US Proj bal is $165.5K.  (which is down $6K from Oct 19)
73
- With regard to Operating cash, the Liabilities (AP, accrued expenses, accrued Payroll etc) of $214K added to the $1,029K of Ch/Proj balances is $1,243K , as compared to the $1,342K of cash, leaves us Positive Oper. Cash of $99K, for the time being.  On avg our monthly expenses are about $135K so at $99K of Oper cash we have less than one month of reserve.  Also Open AR is $333K, which when collected will help immensely, and will add almost 2.5 more months of reserve.
74
​
75
### Executive Director Report
76
No verbal report supplied, see below for comments shared with the Board prior to the meeting.
@dawnaitken
Commit changes
Commit summary
Update 201912.md
Optional extended description
Add an optional extended description…
 Commit directly to the master branch.
 Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request. Learn more about pull requests.
 
© 2020 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
