---

layout: col-sidebar
title: February 2020 Videoconference
date: 2020-02-18

---

## Meeting Details
- Time: 12PM US Eastern, UTC 1700 [convert](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2020&month=2&day=18&hour=17&min=0&sec=0&p1=16&p2=919&p3=78&p4=136&p5=137&p6=176&p7=179)
- Location: Remote
- Call-in: [Zoom Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/675935446)

## Agenda

```
CALL TO ORDER
```
<!--
Board Members
- Gary Robinson, Grant Ongers, Martin Knobloch, Owen Pendlebury, Richard Greenberg, Sherif Mansour, Vandana Verma Sehgal

Guests
Mike McCamon, Tom Pappas, Dawn Aitken, Emily Berman, Harold Blankenship, Lisa Jones, Sibah Poede, Kelly Santalucia
-->

```
CHANGES TO THE AGENDA
```

```
APPROVAL OF MINUTES
```
[January 2020 Meeting Minutes](/www-board/minutes/202001)

```
REPORTS
```
#### Organizational KPIs
- Membership 2,772 (24 increase from Last Month)
- Momentum: 679K visitors to website last month (649K compared to 2019; increase of 4.6%)
- Operations:
  - 90.1% of Service Desk tickets closed within SLA (worse from 99.2% last month)
  - 95.8% of Non-Funding tickets were closed within SLA (better from 82.6% last month)
- Money: TBD

#### Financial

#### Executive Director Report

Please see notes below.

```
OLD BUSINESS
```
(1) 2020 OWASP Board Officer Elections

(2) Approval of the [2020 Operating Plan](/www-staff/operating-plan/2020)

(3) Update the Mission Statement:
- From: The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a 501(c)(3) worldwide not-for-profit charitable organization focused on improving the security of software. Our mission is to make software security visible, so that individuals and organizations are able to make informed decisions. OWASP is in a unique position to provide impartial, practical information about AppSec to individuals, corporations, universities, government agencies, and other organizations worldwide. Operating as a community of like-minded professionals, OWASP issues software tools and knowledge-based documentation on application security.
- To: OWASP is a nonprofit foundation improving the security of software. Through community-led open source software projects, local chapters worldwide, members, and leading educational and training conferences, the OWASP Foundation is the source for developers and technologists to secure our lives.

(4) Motion approve the [Signatory Policy Version 2](/www-policy/operational/signatory2).


```
NEW BUSINESS
```

```
COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND OTHER BUSINESS
```

```
ADJOURNMENT
```

***

### Executive Director Report

#### Website

While the website was successfully launched last month, there is still ongoing work to migrate and resolve outstanding bugs and SEO enhancements. After the first full week following our launch, we were capturing 78% of all traffic into the new site. As of last week that number has climbed to 89.3%. The team meets weekly with our SEO firm to continue to work the long tail of search traffic. Donation and Membership systems are operational with ongoing minor enhancements. Staff can now query membership database through Slack.

Unfortunately content migration by chapters and projects is still incomplete. As of this report, only 72 of 291 chapters have migrated their content (25%), and 47 of 145 (32%) of Projects have migrated. 

The new Events is in final development and should be available for testing as early as the week of February 17th with a planned launch for February 28th. The system is being designed to completely replace our need to use Regonline AND Eventbrite. Harold has been working on an “event template” that can be used instead of the current system of Eventbrite and local Wordpress systems. This new system once fully implemented will save the foundation close to $25,000 per year.

#### Projects Summit

Final plans are in place for the first Projects Summit on February 27-29, 2020 in Cancun, Mexico. The selected projects included: Juice Shop, OWASP DefectDojo, OWASP Application Security Open Curriculum Project along with ASVS Standard and Cheatsheets Series which neither now plan to attend. Total registrations at this point are 23 including staff offsite. The program and contract were conceived for 50 attendees.  We have been actively working to reduce our room commitment but have only thus far secured minor changes. Following the event we will do a postmortem on why there was so little interest.  We directly contacted project leaders no fewer than five times - and also did direct outreach.

Project details: https://owasp.org/www-staff/projects/202002-Projects-Summit-Q1

#### Conferences

San Francisco Program Team has been selected and Dublin Team is well underway. Dublin CfP/CfT round one closes at the end of February. San Francisco has 25 sponsors under contract for $379,245 and Dublin  has 12 sponsors signed for $43,350. Project plans are online at:

- https://owasp.org/www-staff/projects/202006-GlobalAppSec-Dublin
- https://owasp.org/www-staff/projects/202010-Global-AppSec-SF

We just learned that BlackHat Asia has been postponed due to coronavirus. There are no lost costs due to this cancellation by the event organizer.

#### Preparing for 2020

The Operating Plan has been available for Board review these past several months. I have removed the objectionable language from the Chapters Initiative and placed this on our agenda for February call. https://owasp.org/www-board/meetings/202001.html

#### Miscellaneous

- Staff Semi-Annual Offsite will be in February 27-28.
- Annual Member Survey was sent to member and the broader mailing lists. Last year it was only sent to the broader list so this year we will have more accurate member information
- As always, most major staff projects are all listed with milestones at https://owasp.org/www-staff/
